in the afternoon we are at
salon paris le bourget i'm in
jean guy company which is one of
my favorite drivers as you know I
can only have two favorite drivers in
the universe lothey time jarque
you followed our adventures during
two more videos and today I
read not seduced shared some facts
highlights of this device the crj1000 which
belongs to garuda
thank you very much and isabelle then yes the
crj1000 letters last born of the family
crj in planes of 100 places
we also recorded 100 and 977 90
places in it's a plane that was
developed on a minimum change we have
naturally lengthen the cabin for
to be able to carry more
passengers and with a larger cabin
the peas of operations have asked so
we have one too is a bit more
great and we took the opportunity to
develop the product by adding
carbon brakes on the plane so some
relatively simple changes and a
high- performance aircraft and there I you
invite we 'll see them other things to
interior
so before joining jean guy who
waiting for us inside the cabin
the CRJ1000 company garuda
I would like to introduce two
edge happens live
hello will go hello marie sarah waters
gave his custody to have now
will visit as a gmail finisher with
Jacques
so hello good come a silly mistake
crj in a few words
improvements made or its origins
and helps make my job easier
as a pilot and also improve the
security but personally that
will do a lot of the device if its
maneuverability that combines a small
sports car we end up in the
new generation cabin of crj1000 and
we made three points change
a notebook with this model
previous we have a new office
which is much bigger and so
leave a lot more light
natural enter the cabin
we have enlarged volume for
luggage compartments are behind and
we changed everything entirely
the lighting guess with the becoming so
we will always be a super cabin
modern super comfort before writing I
would like us with silva it's already done
two days that we are at the show of
bourget touafik technicians who have more
20 years of experience in
anti-poor cergy programs move it
goes on how but I find that
many visitors who come to see
our products they are very curious are
eager to answer for me it's very
motivating and rewarding to talk to them about
crj
Wow
and